Lust is a heavy collection of powerful signals that comes from the desire which are created inside the brain.
The desire is based upon physical aspects where the signals get attracted to that particular living creature's parts.
Love can sometimes be exhibited in the form of lust.
Heavy lust between two living species leads to a new process called sex.
The sex is the mechanism where the lust between the two living species gets combined.
The combination of lust between two living species leads to the creation of strong covalent bond.
The strong covalent bond is formed in both physical sex and oral sex.

The physical sex is formed between the two living creatures where the parts are being touched completely.
The physical sex can occur when one living creature makes sure that its ready to that other living creature.
The feeling of physical sex is formed through the desire inside the brain that stimulates the living creatures into crazy state.
The crazy state is caused over that living species towards few particular species.
The cause effects are created based upon the tastes in every living species.
The consequence of physical sex is the intercourse.
The intercourse is formed through runtime execution between the two living species.
In the process of lust, the male living creature's banana doesn't add vanilla inside bottom-strawberry-tube known as triangle,
but the male living creature might push it into top-strawberry-tube known as mouth, depending upon the creature's mood state.

The oral sex is formed between the two living creatures where the parts are being touched partially except intercourse.

Lust is a part of love.
Only lust in love isn't good, because too-much lust might lead to lack-of-interest in the opposite living creature.
The interest is dependent upon the living creature's brain nerves colloboration on how it keeps it stable from breakup.
Lack-of-interest might sometimes lead to cheating.
In the area of lust: Cheating occurs when 1 living creature isn't satisfied with the network performance with it's partner.
The satisfaction is achieved by adding more lust when time comes for the signals to demonstrate it's performance.
The consequence of lust is dependent upon the signalling relationship between the two living species signals.
The more connection, The more dots it can pass-through forever.
