The Zoological process of sex can be inter-related with "Physics and Computer Networking".
Sex occurs as the consequence of lust.

How the mechanism is initiated?
---

Initiating the mechanism:
In human aspects,
Sex mechanism is processed as a lust team-work between a male creature and female creature.
The male creature has a thick lengthy wire, whereas the female creature has a wire-entry port.

Getting into depth:
Sex is termed as the connecting by pushing the thicky lengthy wire into the wire-entry port.
Why "pushing wire"? --- Inorder to pass through the gateway, the male creature need to undergo a push process.
When will push occur? --- The male creature can't push unless the female creature grants authentication towards the gateway.
For easy push, the male creature need to have stamina.
The stamina is a main part in energy that boosts quick/active body parts movements.
The female creature need to withstand the "wire push".
The process of sex is similar to "Wired Connection".
The network satisfaction is achieved through higher network performance.
The network performance comes from the higher network signals.
The higher network signals are generated by means of stamina level.
If both living species have good stamina, then the performance would be high.

Mechanical Fun:
The mechanical fun comes in the form of wire-riding which could be done by either a male or a female creature.
The position of riding should be well-positioned like an antenna for receiving satellite communication signals.
The satellite communication signals will be done that communicates with the physical riding.
The satellite refers to heart.
The communication occurs in the form of unconsious fun during switching on-off game.
Switching on-off game is like up-down game that occurs as one of the push-fun.
Push-fun is the mechanical way pumping the wire into-onto the port.
Sometimes, the wire-entry portal area takes the lead.
The wire-entry port acts the server-side signaller.
The hitting of wire into the port is similar to hitting the scripts towards the server.

Analyzing:
These kind of experiences gets initiated due to lust feelings where both creatures accept the signaling invitation.
Feelings are created based upon the mood generated in the living species brain.

Comparsion talk:
In machines, the WiFi/Ethernet/5G would be fast.
But within living species, the wired connection would be fast.
Sex mechanism only follows the ones that have faster performance.
That's the difference between the sex occuring in living species and machines.
