Theory of Impossiblity striken me while i had one of the heart-aching dream attack.
A dream haunted me back in August 2013 where someone was chasing me in dark nearby my city park.
I am running, but unable to go forward. Behind me, that person was coming closer to me.
I woke up and started shivering. I happened to share this incident with some people.
I checked-in horoscope, where it states that someone is going to trap me. The trap could be anything either dangerous or love.
I found it bullshit.
I had the same dream hitting me in November 2013 and December 2013.
I almost woke up crying fearing that something will happen to me.

On April 28th 2014, i had the dream passing through me again.
This time, I controlled my dream. I stopped running.
Deep inside, i felt too scared.
That person approached closer.
Suddenly, i was stunned. It was human-like little bit male face-cut, i couldn't see any legs and hands.
The whole body was shadow, more like demon!
He was holding a sharp knife trying to murder me.
Before trying to kill me, he was killed who was behind him who was invisible.
Immediately that invisible lifted me over top.
That human blasted into shining particles.
That invisble shadow completely covered me.
I was rolling. I hear him screaming like a monster.
I was covering my ears. My brain nerves were burning.
I woke up and found myself on floor with laptop over my stomach and bruises over my waist.

For 30 mins, i was not in my own consciousness.
I watched myself infront of the mirror and said:- Bullshit!
Later on, i realized that i had bruises because there was a belt. 
The funny part was that it was not even my belt. It was my dad's belt.
I asked mom whether i came out of the room. She replied that i never came out of room since last evening.
Then, i silently kept the belt and left.
HAHAHAHAHA!
Guess what?
I experimented myself by whipping myself with belt, but i couldn't the exact heavy bruises which i had on my waist.
That means those bruises were not received by the belt. Then, who attacked me while i was sleeping?
The bruises that i got after turned into different colour and stayed as a mark.

This month, May 2015, I had a party while i was asleep (zero conscious state). 
Sadly, i couldn't find it. 
Plus, my room was too dark when i woke up. The night stars light were hitting my window.
After i woke up, i felt the same invisible shadow infront of me where that thing came to me in same past 4 dreams.
Immediately, i jumped off from the bed and turned on the lights.
My door was locked. Who entered my room? It's impossible, right?

The study to be continued... So funny and scary.. 
