Most of my case studies appears mostly stupid.
The more stupider is a case studies, the more.... hmmm... whoever reads it can finish this sentence.

This month, image crawler [1] was attempted where space images can be retrieved from database...
While downloading images from pushing them into database, Every space image was driving me crazy..

The Google deepdream [2] was an example that shows the machines can also visualize the beauty of nature in different way.
Similarly, humans can visualize them in an such creative ways.
Every human has an unique creative unique way of looking at things.

We draw many pictures through our imagination while visualizing the clouds.
We feel that the moon is coming along with us whenever we go. 
Because, moon is static. Static objects often appear moving, but they aren't!
Earth is dynamic which orbits, but we living species never feel it.
Speed is hard to seen and our body can't handle towards one limit especially light speed.

During our middle school days, in zoology class, we would have studied about vertebrates [3],
Followed by Charles Darwin theory and many more...
While looking deeply at vertebrates, we often find a connection...
Like software versions, Every improved version reaches the next cycle.
During childhood, we built the web page in HTML as helloworld.html that has nothing.
But now, we build a responsive web page with beautiful css and javascript.
Compared our today web development work with the first one, we see massive improvement.
This is similar to vertebrates.
Humans are the best version in the vertebrates.
What we humans lack are:- 
Flying like a bird... For more, Watch X-men or any super-hero cartoons..
The enhanced feature of an human is known as a super human.
In discovery channel, they sometimes show a lot of special humans they came across.
Morever, they will be guiness record (or something like that) as a symbol of recognition.

The best part of learning biology as core in high school inspite of Engineering passion is,
We can learn the mechanical ways of how human anatomy is mantled and how it appears after getting dismantled.
The parts of living species are more like hardware. We must know how to arrange.
Inspite being average student, our zoology teacher shows real ones. Watching them turn us as curious wondering how it's built.
Sometimes, we catch one weak mosquitoe carefully, we start dissecting and analyze how it dies after survival.
We learn circulatory system in humans and how blood is transferred just how peer-to-peer interconnections are made within the system for the blood to circulate.
But in 10th grade, while learning cockroaches and personally dissecting them, their circulatory system appears weird.
That's because cockroach has open-circulatory system, whereas humans and other mammals have it closed.
Which means that humans and mammals have a proprietary system.

While looking at nervous system, the nerves are more like wires in the colour of red and green.
The red wire extracts pure blood and goes to artricles in heart,
whereas the green wire extracts impure blood and goes to ventricles in heart.
Then, the impure blood gets purified.
Heart generates feelings. Feelings can be anything -- not only includes emotions.

Sometimes, when one gets motivated, a feeling in heart is felt.
After feeling is felt, heavy signals is generated all over the nerves (wires) and hits the brain.
We immediately get a boost because whole body amplified significant amount of voltage to our brain and body.
Whereas, few species inspite of motivated, they don't put a single effort, this is not problem in heart.
The problem is in mind. 
The mind will tell all nerves:- Hello! I can do this. But why i need efforts?
Then nerves gets pissed and leaves.
