Love can be created between any species.
Love is formed through attraction, where attraction is created through electromagnetic gravitational pull 
that occurs in artricles and ventricles, thereby creating feelings which blooms the stimuli all over the body.
The attraction is created through hologram-like process & thereby, feelings are generated as signals through wire-like nerves.

Mechanism:-
Love comes under one of the emotions generated by any living species.
The mechanism of love emotion is caused through attraction on watching another living species.
This pull of attraction on watching another species appearance/activities/similar stufs,
which increases the bandwidth that will generate in human nerves.
The creation of such network bandwidth is anonymous.

How love connectivity is done?
The connectivity is done in between the living species through invisible signals that creates authentication.
After authentication, the signals does processes among one another, which in human terms is referred as dating.

For longer adaption.. (in brief)
1. Understanding - This is a method that is done though extracting & binding of other signals through observation.
2. Trust - This is generated through belief, where the signals tend to stay confident over its opposite signals.
3. Communication - This is done by interaction between two signals helping in knowing eachother through data transfer.
4. Honesty - The more the two-signals are open to eachother, The lesser the problems occur.
5. 
6.

Parental Love:-
The Parental Love is very complicated to understand, because parental love is the strongest love.
Here are the cycles formed in parental love:
1. Process
Two living species make an intercourse. A tiny living creature is created inside the female living creature.
The tiny living creature will have the characteristics of two living species which are termed as genes.
The genes are created through mutations. The mechanism is highly related to genetic algorithm.
2. Love creation
The tiny creature lives in a very tiny chamber of a female living creature's stomach in deep loneliness.
All the tiny creature feels are the particles around... but so lonely inside the tiny chamber..
The female living creature moves its hand joystick over the stomach softly.. 
The tiny creature gets some feeling and the signals indicates the presence of someone.
That feeling of someone creates love.
